c:\users\jmulis200\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\Thumbnails-WebJob.exe.config
c:\users\jmulis200\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\Thumbnails-WebJob.exe
c:\users\jmulis200\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\Thumbnails-WebJob.pdb
c:\users\jmulis200\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.WebJobs.dll
c:\users\jmulis200\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.WebJobs.Host.dll
c:\users\jmulis200\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\jmulis200\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\jmulis200\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\users\jmulis200\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\users\jmulis200\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\jmulis200\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\jmulis200\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\jmulis200\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.WebJobs.xml
c:\users\jmulis200\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.WebJobs.Host.xml
c:\users\jmulis200\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.pdb
c:\users\jmulis200\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
c:\users\jmulis200\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\jmulis200\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\jmulis200\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\jmulis200\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\jmulis200\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
c:\users\jmulis200\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.xml
c:\users\jmulis200\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jmulis200\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jmulis200\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jmulis200\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jmulis200\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jmulis200\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jmulis200\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jmulis200\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jmulis200\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jmulis200\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jmulis200\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jmulis200\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jmulis200\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jmulis200\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jmulis200\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jmulis200\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jmulis200\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jmulis200\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jmulis200\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jmulis200\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jmulis200\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jmulis200\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jmulis200\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jmulis200\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jmulis200\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jmulis200\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jmulis200\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jmulis200\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\jmulis200\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\jmulis200\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\jmulis200\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\jmulis200\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\jmulis200\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\jmulis200\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\jmulis200\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\jmulis200\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\jmulis200\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\obj\Debug\Thumbnails-WebJob.exe
c:\users\jmulis200\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\obj\Debug\Thumbnails-WebJob.pdb
F:\academics\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\Thumbnails-WebJob.exe.config
F:\academics\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\Thumbnails-WebJob.exe
F:\academics\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\Thumbnails-WebJob.pdb
F:\academics\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.WebJobs.dll
F:\academics\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.WebJobs.Host.dll
F:\academics\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
F:\academics\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
F:\academics\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
F:\academics\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
F:\academics\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
F:\academics\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
F:\academics\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.dll
F:\academics\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.WebJobs.xml
F:\academics\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.WebJobs.Host.xml
F:\academics\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.pdb
F:\academics\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
F:\academics\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
F:\academics\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.xml
F:\academics\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
F:\academics\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
F:\academics\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
F:\academics\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.xml
F:\academics\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
F:\academics\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
F:\academics\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
F:\academics\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
F:\academics\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
F:\academics\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
F:\academics\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
F:\academics\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
F:\academics\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
F:\academics\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
F:\academics\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
F:\academics\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
F:\academics\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
F:\academics\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
F:\academics\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
F:\academics\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
F:\academics\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
F:\academics\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
F:\academics\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
F:\academics\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
F:\academics\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
F:\academics\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
F:\academics\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
F:\academics\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
F:\academics\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
F:\academics\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
F:\academics\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
F:\academics\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
F:\academics\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
F:\academics\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
F:\academics\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
F:\academics\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
F:\academics\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
F:\academics\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
F:\academics\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
F:\academics\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
F:\academics\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\obj\Debug\Thumbnails-WebJob.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
F:\academics\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\obj\Debug\Thumbnails-WebJob.exe
F:\academics\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\obj\Debug\Thumbnails-WebJob.pdb
C:\Users\Maurice\Desktop\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\Thumbnails-WebJob.exe.config
C:\Users\Maurice\Desktop\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\Thumbnails-WebJob.exe
C:\Users\Maurice\Desktop\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\Thumbnails-WebJob.pdb
C:\Users\Maurice\Desktop\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.WebJobs.dll
C:\Users\Maurice\Desktop\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.WebJobs.Host.dll
C:\Users\Maurice\Desktop\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\Users\Maurice\Desktop\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\Users\Maurice\Desktop\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
C:\Users\Maurice\Desktop\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\Maurice\Desktop\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
C:\Users\Maurice\Desktop\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Maurice\Desktop\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.dll
C:\Users\Maurice\Desktop\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.WebJobs.xml
C:\Users\Maurice\Desktop\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.WebJobs.Host.xml
C:\Users\Maurice\Desktop\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.pdb
C:\Users\Maurice\Desktop\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
C:\Users\Maurice\Desktop\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Maurice\Desktop\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.xml
C:\Users\Maurice\Desktop\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
C:\Users\Maurice\Desktop\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
C:\Users\Maurice\Desktop\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
C:\Users\Maurice\Desktop\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.xml
C:\Users\Maurice\Desktop\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Maurice\Desktop\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Maurice\Desktop\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Maurice\Desktop\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Maurice\Desktop\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Maurice\Desktop\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Maurice\Desktop\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Maurice\Desktop\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Maurice\Desktop\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Maurice\Desktop\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Maurice\Desktop\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Maurice\Desktop\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Maurice\Desktop\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Maurice\Desktop\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Maurice\Desktop\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Maurice\Desktop\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Maurice\Desktop\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Maurice\Desktop\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Maurice\Desktop\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Maurice\Desktop\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Maurice\Desktop\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Maurice\Desktop\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Maurice\Desktop\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Maurice\Desktop\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Maurice\Desktop\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Maurice\Desktop\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Maurice\Desktop\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Maurice\Desktop\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Maurice\Desktop\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Maurice\Desktop\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Maurice\Desktop\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Maurice\Desktop\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Maurice\Desktop\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Maurice\Desktop\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Maurice\Desktop\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Maurice\Desktop\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Maurice\Desktop\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\obj\Debug\Thumbnails-WebJob.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Maurice\Desktop\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\obj\Debug\Thumbnails-WebJob.exe
C:\Users\Maurice\Desktop\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\obj\Debug\Thumbnails-WebJob.pdb
